charts/workflow/README.md, before:

# workflow

![Version: 0.1.5](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.5-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.16.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.16.0-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart for Kubernetes Workflows

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{"nodeAffinity":{"requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution":{"nodeSelectorTerms":[{"matchExpressions":[{"key":"kubernetes.io/arch","operator":"In","values":["arm64"]}]}]}}}` | affinity is an optional affinity to add to the container |
| backoffLimit | int | `3` | backoffLimit is the number of retries before considering the job failed |
| concurrencyPolicy | string | `"Forbid"` | concurrencyPolicy is the policy for handling concurrent jobs |
| failedJobsHistoryLimit | int | `1` | failedJobsHistoryLimit is the number of failed jobs to keep |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | fullnameOverride is an optional string to substitute for the full names of resources |
| imagePullSecret | string | `"regcred"` | imagePullSecrets is an optional list of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling any of the images used by this Chart. |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | nameOverride is an optional string to substitute for the full names of resources |
| nodeSelector."kubernetes.io/os" | string | `"linux"` |  |
| podGC | string | `"OnWorkflowSuccess"` | podGC is the policy for handling pod garbage collection |
| restartPolicy | string | `"Never"` | restartPolicy is the policy for handling job failures |
| schedule | object | `{}` | schedule for workflow |
| securityContext | object | `{"capabilities":{"drop":["ALL"]},"readOnlyRootFilesystem":true,"runAsNonRoot":true,"runAsUser":1000}` | securityContext is an optional security context to add to the container |
| serviceAccount | object | `{"annotations":{},"create":true,"extendedRole":false,"name":""}` | serviceAccount configuration |
| successfulJobsHistoryLimit | int | `1` | successfulJobsHistoryLimit is the number of successful jobs to keep |
| templates | string | `nil` | templates is a list of templates to run |
| timezone | string | `"Europe/Paris"` | timezone is the timezone to use for the schedule |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | tolerations is an optional list of tolerations to add to the container |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.11.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.11.0)

Commit message:

feat(charts): add aws security group support (#35)

charts/workflow/README.md, after:

# workflow

![Version: 0.1.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.6-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.16.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.16.0-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart for Kubernetes Workflows

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/arktos-fund/helm-charts>

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| perriea | <aperrier@arktos.fund> |  |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{"nodeAffinity":{"requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution":{"nodeSelectorTerms":[{"matchExpressions":[{"key":"kubernetes.io/arch","operator":"In","values":["arm64"]}]}]}}}` | affinity is an optional affinity to add to the container |
| backoffLimit | int | `3` | backoffLimit is the number of retries before considering the job failed |
| concurrencyPolicy | string | `"Forbid"` | concurrencyPolicy is the policy for handling concurrent jobs |
| failedJobsHistoryLimit | int | `1` | failedJobsHistoryLimit is the number of failed jobs to keep |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | fullnameOverride is an optional string to substitute for the full names of resources |
| imagePullSecret | string | `"regcred"` | imagePullSecrets is an optional list of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling any of the images used by this Chart. |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | nameOverride is an optional string to substitute for the full names of resources |
| nodeSelector."kubernetes.io/os" | string | `"linux"` |  |
| podGC | string | `"OnWorkflowSuccess"` | podGC is the policy for handling pod garbage collection |
| restartPolicy | string | `"Never"` | restartPolicy is the policy for handling job failures |
| schedule | object | `{}` | schedule for workflow |
| securityContext | object | `{"capabilities":{"drop":["ALL"]},"readOnlyRootFilesystem":true,"runAsNonRoot":true,"runAsUser":1000}` | securityContext is an optional security context to add to the container |
| securityGroups | object | `{"enabled":false,"rules":[],"serviceAccountSelector":{}}` | securityGroups is an optional configuration for AWS security groups |
| securityGroups.rules | list | `[]` | rules is an optional list of rules to add to the security group |
| securityGroups.serviceAccountSelector | object | `{}` | serviceAccountSelector is an optional matchLabels to select the service account |
| serviceAccount | object | `{"annotations":{},"create":true,"extendedRole":false,"name":""}` | serviceAccount configuration |
| successfulJobsHistoryLimit | int | `1` | successfulJobsHistoryLimit is the number of successful jobs to keep |
| templates | string | `nil` | templates is a list of templates to run |
| timezone | string | `"Europe/Paris"` | timezone is the timezone to use for the schedule |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | tolerations is an optional list of tolerations to add to the container |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.11.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.11.0)
