charts/cronjob/README.md, before:

# cronjob

![Version: 0.1.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.7-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 0.0.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-0.0.1-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart Cronjob for Kubernetes

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{"nodeAffinity":{"requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution":{"nodeSelectorTerms":[{"matchExpressions":[{"key":"kubernetes.io/arch","operator":"In","values":["arm64"]}]}]}}}` | affinity is an optional list of node affinities for pod assignment |
| backoffLimit | int | `3` | backoffLimit is the number of retries before considering the job failed |
| concurrencyPolicy | string | `"Forbid"` | concurrencyPolicy is the policy for handling concurrent jobs |
| config | object | `{"key":"microservice","name":"config"}` | config is a list of parameters to pass to the job |
| env | list | `[{"name":"DATABASE_DEBUG","value":"true"}]` | env is a list of environment variables to set in the container. |
| failedJobsHistoryLimit | int | `1` | failedJobsHistoryLimit is the number of failed jobs to keep |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | fullnameOverride is an optional string to substitute for the full names of resources |
| image | object | `{"pullPolicy":"IfNotPresent","repository":"rg.nl-ams.scw.cloud/arktos-fund/cronjob","tag":"0.3.4"}` | image is the image to use for the job |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | The image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"rg.nl-ams.scw.cloud/arktos-fund/cronjob"` | The image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"0.3.4"` | The image tag |
| imagePullSecret | string | `"regcred"` | imagePullSecrets is an optional list of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling any of the images used by this Chart. |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | nameOverride is an optional string to substitute for the full names of resources |
| nodeSelector | object | `{"kubernetes.io/os":"linux"}` | nodeSelector is an optional list of node labels for pod assignment |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | podAnnotations is an optional list of annotations to add to the pod |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | podSecurityContext is an optional security context to add to the pod |
| resources | object | `{"limits":{"cpu":"100m","memory":"128Mi"},"requests":{"cpu":"100m","memory":"128Mi"}}` | resources is an optional list of resources to set for the container |
| restartPolicy | string | `"Never"` | restartPolicy is the policy for handling job failures |
| schedule | object | `{}` | schedule is a list of cron schedules to run the job |
| securityContext | object | `{"capabilities":{"drop":["ALL"]},"readOnlyRootFilesystem":true,"runAsNonRoot":true,"runAsUser":1000}` | securityContext is an optional security context to add to the container |
| serviceAccount | object | `{"annotations":{},"create":true,"name":""}` | serviceAccount configuration |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the ServiceAccount |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a ServiceAccount should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the ServiceAccount to use. |
| successfulJobsHistoryLimit | int | `1` | successfulJobsHistoryLimit is the number of successful jobs to keep |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | tolerations is an optional list of node taints to tolerate |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.11.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.11.0)

Commit message:

feat(charts): add aws security group support (#35)

charts/cronjob/README.md, after:

# cronjob

![Version: 0.1.9](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.9-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 0.0.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-0.0.1-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart Cronjob for Kubernetes

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/arktos-fund/helm-charts>

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| perriea | <aperrier@arktos.fund> |  |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{"nodeAffinity":{"requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution":{"nodeSelectorTerms":[{"matchExpressions":[{"key":"kubernetes.io/arch","operator":"In","values":["arm64"]}]}]}}}` | affinity is an optional list of node affinities for pod assignment |
| backoffLimit | int | `3` | backoffLimit is the number of retries before considering the job failed |
| concurrencyPolicy | string | `"Forbid"` | concurrencyPolicy is the policy for handling concurrent jobs |
| config | object | `{"key":"microservice","name":"config"}` | config is a list of parameters to pass to the job |
| env | list | `[{"name":"DATABASE_DEBUG","value":"true"}]` | env is a list of environment variables to set in the container. |
| failedJobsHistoryLimit | int | `1` | failedJobsHistoryLimit is the number of failed jobs to keep |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | fullnameOverride is an optional string to substitute for the full names of resources |
| image | object | `{"pullPolicy":"IfNotPresent","repository":"rg.nl-ams.scw.cloud/arktos-fund/cronjob","tag":"0.3.4"}` | image is the image to use for the job |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | The image pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"rg.nl-ams.scw.cloud/arktos-fund/cronjob"` | The image repository |
| image.tag | string | `"0.3.4"` | The image tag |
| imagePullSecret | string | `"regcred"` | imagePullSecrets is an optional list of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling any of the images used by this Chart. |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | nameOverride is an optional string to substitute for the full names of resources |
| nodeSelector | object | `{"kubernetes.io/os":"linux"}` | nodeSelector is an optional list of node labels for pod assignment |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | podAnnotations is an optional list of annotations to add to the pod |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | podSecurityContext is an optional security context to add to the pod |
| resources | object | `{"limits":{"cpu":"100m","memory":"128Mi"},"requests":{"cpu":"100m","memory":"128Mi"}}` | resources is an optional list of resources to set for the container |
| restartPolicy | string | `"Never"` | restartPolicy is the policy for handling job failures |
| schedule | object | `{}` | schedule is a list of cron schedules to run the job |
| securityContext | object | `{"capabilities":{"drop":["ALL"]},"readOnlyRootFilesystem":true,"runAsNonRoot":true,"runAsUser":1000}` | securityContext is an optional security context to add to the container |
| securityGroups | object | `{"enabled":false,"rules":[],"serviceAccountSelector":{}}` | securityGroups is an optional configuration for AWS security groups |
| securityGroups.rules | list | `[]` | rules is an optional list of rules to add to the security group |
| securityGroups.serviceAccountSelector | object | `{}` | serviceAccountSelector is an optional matchLabels to select the service account |
| serviceAccount | object | `{"annotations":{},"create":true,"name":""}` | serviceAccount configuration |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the ServiceAccount |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a ServiceAccount should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the ServiceAccount to use. |
| successfulJobsHistoryLimit | int | `1` | successfulJobsHistoryLimit is the number of successful jobs to keep |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | tolerations is an optional list of node taints to tolerate |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.11.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.11.0)
