charts/microservice/README.md, before:

# microservice

![Version: 0.3.12](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.3.12-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v0.2.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v0.2.1-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart Microservice for Kubernetes.

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/arktos-fund/helm-charts>

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| perriea |  |  |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{"nodeAffinity":{"requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution":{"nodeSelectorTerms":[{"matchExpressions":[{"key":"kubernetes.io/arch","operator":"In","values":["arm64"]}]}]}}}` | affinity is an optional configuration for the microservice |
| autoscaling | object | `{"annotations":{},"enabled":true,"maxReplicas":10,"minReplicas":1,"targetCPUUtilizationPercentage":70,"targetMemoryUtilizationPercentage":65}` | autoscaling is an optional configuration for the microservice |
| config | object | `{"data":{},"logger":{"format":"fmt","level":"info"},"secret":{},"timeout":"3s"}` | config is an optional configuration for the microservice |
| env | list | `[]` | env is an optional list of environment variables to add to the container |
| fluxcd | object | `{"enabled":true,"interval":"30m"}` | fluxcd is an optional configuration for fluxcd |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | fullnameOverride is an optional string to substitute for the full names of resources |
| image | object | `{"pullPolicy":"IfNotPresent","repository":"rg.nl-ams.scw.cloud/arktos-venture/instruments","tag":"1.0.0"}` | image is the image to use for the job |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[{"name":"regcred"}]` | imagePullSecrets is an optional list of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling any of the images used by this Chart. |
| livenessProbe | object | `{}` | livenessProbe is an optional liveness probe to add to the container |
| metrics | object | `{"enabled":true}` | metrics is an optional configuration for the microservice |
| mode | string | `"microservice"` | mode is the deployment mode (microservice/worker) |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | nameOverride is an optional string to substitute for the full names of resources |
| nodeSelector | object | `{"kubernetes.io/os":"linux"}` | nodeSelector is an optional configuration for the microservice |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | podAnnotations is an optional list of annotations to add to the pod |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | podSecurityContext is an optional security context to add to the pod |
| readinessProbe | object | `{}` | readinessProbe is an optional readiness probe to add to the container |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | replicas is the number of replicas to deploy |
| resources | object | `{"limits":{"cpu":"100m","memory":"128Mi"},"requests":{"cpu":"100m","memory":"128Mi"}}` | resources is an optional configuration for the microservice |
| securityContext | object | `{"capabilities":{"drop":["ALL"]},"readOnlyRootFilesystem":true,"runAsNonRoot":true,"runAsUser":1000}` | securityContext is an optional security context to add to the container |
| service | object | `{"ports":{"grpc":11000,"http":8000},"type":"ClusterIP"}` | service is the service configuration |
| serviceAccount | object | `{"annotations":{},"create":true,"name":""}` | serviceAccount configuration |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the ServiceAccount |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a ServiceAccount should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the ServiceAccount to use. |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | tolerations is an optional configuration for the microservice |
| upstream | object | `{"enabled":false,"healthChecks":{"enabled":false,"interval":"10s","timeout":"5s"},"loadBalancerConfig":{},"rest":{"extra":{},"swagger":"indexes.v1.Indexes"},"routes":[{"headers":[{"name":"Content-Type","value":"application/json"},{"name":"Autorization"},{"name":"X-Account"}],"methods":["GET"],"name":"indexes","options":{"cors":{"allowHeaders":["Content-Type","Autorization","X-Account"],"allowMethods":["GET"],"allowOrigin":["console.arktos.fund"]},"prefixRewrite":"/v1/indexes","retries":{"numRetries":3,"perTryTimeout":"5s","retryOn":"connect-failure"}},"path":"/v1/indexes","type":"prefix"}],"useHttp2":false}` | ingress is the ingress configuration Upstream: https://docs.solo.io/gloo-edge/latest/introduction/architecture/concepts/ Routes: https://docs.solo.io/gloo-edge/latest/reference/api/github.com/solo-io/gloo/projects/gateway/api/v1/route_table.proto.sk/#routetable |
| volumes | list | `[]` | volumes is an optional list of volumes to add to the container |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.11.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.11.0)

Commit message:

feat(charts): add aws security group support

charts/microservice/README.md, after:

# microservice

![Version: 0.3.14](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.3.14-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: v0.2.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v0.2.1-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart Microservice for Kubernetes.

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/arktos-fund/helm-charts>

## Maintainers

| Name | Email | Url |
| ---- | ------ | --- |
| perriea | <aperrier@arktos.fund> |  |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{"nodeAffinity":{"requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution":{"nodeSelectorTerms":[{"matchExpressions":[{"key":"kubernetes.io/arch","operator":"In","values":["arm64"]}]}]}}}` | affinity is an optional configuration for the microservice |
| autoscaling | object | `{"annotations":{},"enabled":true,"maxReplicas":10,"minReplicas":1,"targetCPUUtilizationPercentage":70,"targetMemoryUtilizationPercentage":65}` | autoscaling is an optional configuration for the microservice |
| config | object | `{"data":{},"logger":{"format":"fmt","level":"info"},"secret":{},"timeout":"3s"}` | config is an optional configuration for the microservice |
| env | list | `[]` | env is an optional list of environment variables to add to the container |
| fluxcd | object | `{"enabled":true,"interval":"30m"}` | fluxcd is an optional configuration for fluxcd |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | fullnameOverride is an optional string to substitute for the full names of resources |
| image | object | `{"pullPolicy":"IfNotPresent","repository":"946936475872.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/instruments","tag":"1.0.0"}` | image is the image to use for the job |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[{"name":"regcred"}]` | imagePullSecrets is an optional list of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling any of the images used by this Chart. |
| livenessProbe | object | `{}` | livenessProbe is an optional liveness probe to add to the container |
| metrics | object | `{"enabled":true}` | metrics is an optional configuration for the microservice |
| mode | string | `"microservice"` | mode is the deployment mode (microservice/worker) |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | nameOverride is an optional string to substitute for the full names of resources |
| nodeSelector | object | `{"kubernetes.io/os":"linux"}` | nodeSelector is an optional configuration for the microservice |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | podAnnotations is an optional list of annotations to add to the pod |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | podSecurityContext is an optional security context to add to the pod |
| readinessProbe | object | `{}` | readinessProbe is an optional readiness probe to add to the container |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | replicas is the number of replicas to deploy |
| resources | object | `{"limits":{"cpu":"100m","memory":"128Mi"},"requests":{"cpu":"100m","memory":"128Mi"}}` | resources is an optional configuration for the microservice |
| securityContext | object | `{"allowPrivilegeEscalation":false,"capabilities":{"drop":["ALL"]},"readOnlyRootFilesystem":true,"runAsNonRoot":true,"runAsUser":1000}` | securityContext is an optional security context to add to the container |
| securityGroups | object | `{"enabled":false,"rules":[],"serviceAccountSelector":{}}` | securityGroups is an optional configuration for AWS security groups |
| securityGroups.rules | list | `[]` | rules is an optional list of rules to add to the security group |
| securityGroups.serviceAccountSelector | object | `{}` | serviceAccountSelector is an optional matchLabels to select the service account |
| service | object | `{"ports":{"grpc":11000,"http":8000},"type":"ClusterIP"}` | service is the service configuration |
| serviceAccount | object | `{"annotations":{},"create":true,"name":""}` | serviceAccount configuration |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the ServiceAccount |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a ServiceAccount should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the ServiceAccount to use. |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | tolerations is an optional configuration for the microservice |
| upstream | object | `{"enabled":false,"healthChecks":{"enabled":false,"interval":"10s","timeout":"5s"},"loadBalancerConfig":{},"rest":{"extra":{},"swagger":"instruments.v1.Instruments"},"routes":[{"headers":[{"name":"Content-Type","value":"application/json"},{"name":"Autorization"},{"name":"X-Account"}],"methods":["GET"],"name":"instruments","options":{"cors":{"allowHeaders":["Content-Type","Autorization","X-Account"],"allowMethods":["GET"],"allowOrigin":["console.arktos.fund"]},"prefixRewrite":"/v1/instruments","retries":{"numRetries":3,"perTryTimeout":"5s","retryOn":"connect-failure"}},"path":"/v1/instruments","type":"prefix"}],"useHttp2":false}` | ingress is the ingress configuration Upstream: https://docs.solo.io/gloo-edge/latest/introduction/architecture/concepts/ Routes: https://docs.solo.io/gloo-edge/latest/reference/api/github.com/solo-io/gloo/projects/gateway/api/v1/route_table.proto.sk/#routetable |
| volumes | list | `[]` | volumes is an optional list of volumes to add to the container |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.11.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.11.0)
